Limit colorset for locked figures (#1210)
Khan/perseus: .changeset/gorgeous-phones-float.md

---
"@khanacademy/perseus": minor
"@khanacademy/perseus-editor": minor
---

> Limit colorest for locked figures in Interactive Graph

Reviewer: ??

```suggestion
Limit color set for locked figures in Interactive Graph
```
